guide/react.md, before:

---
layout: default-layout
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
needGenerateH3Content: true
noTitleIndex: false
breadcrumbText: React Guide
title: Mobile Document Scanner JS Edition - React
keywords: Documentation, Mobile Document Scanner, Web, JS Edition, Dynamsoft Document Scanner, React
description: Mobile Document Scanner JS Edition React User Guide
---

# 📦 Document Scanner - React

This sample demonstrates how to use the `Document Scanner` API from the [Dynamsoft Document Scanner SDK](https://www.dynamsoft.com/mobile-document-scanner/docs/web/introduction/index.html) in a **React** app to capture and scan documents using the camera.

## ✨ Features

- Easy integration with pre-built UI
- Renders Document Scanner inside a React component
- Captures and processes documents from video stream
- Mobile-optimized scanning interface
- Automatic document detection and cropping

## Requirements

- **Node.js 20.19.0 or later**

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure License Key

Search for the string `"YOUR_LICENSE_KEY_HERE"` in the sample and replace it with your actual license key.

#### Get a Trial License

You can try **MDS** by requesting a trial license through our [customer portal](https://www.dynamsoft.com/customer/license/trialLicense?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme). The trial can be renewed twice for up to two months of free access.

> [!NOTE] > **MDS** and **MWC** share the same license keys. The license portal currently shows **Mobile Web Capture** but requesting this license will provide access to both **MDS** and **MWC** functionality. If you already have a **MWC** license, you can use it for **MDS**, and vice versa.

#### Get a Full License

To purchase a full license, [contact us](https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/contact?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme).

### 3. Start the App

```bash
npm start
```

Then open https://localhost:3000/ to view the sample app.

## 📌 Customization

Please check the official [documentation](https://www.dynamsoft.com/mobile-document-scanner/docs/web/introduction/index.html).

## 📄 Support

If you have any questions, feel free to [contact Dynamsoft Support](https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/contact?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme).

Commit message:

docs: update angular and react guide content

guide/react.md, after:

---
layout: default-layout
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
needGenerateH3Content: true
noTitleIndex: false
breadcrumbText: React Guide
title: Mobile Document Scanner JS Edition - React
keywords: Documentation, Mobile Document Scanner, Web, JS Edition, Dynamsoft Document Scanner, React
description: Mobile Document Scanner JS Edition React User Guide
---

# Mobile Document Scanner - React

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This article builds on the prerequisite [MDS developer guide]({{ site.developer-guide }}index.html) for plain JavaScript; please read it before proceeding.

Mobile Document Scanner integrates easily with React applications. Just as in plain JavaScript, you can add document scanning in your **React application** in just a few lines of code, and achieve most customizations through the same accessible configuration object.

## Features

- Easy integration with pre-built UI
- Renders Document Scanner inside a React component
- Captures and processes documents from video stream
- Mobile-optimized scanning interface
- Automatic document detection and cropping
- TypeScript support with type definitions

## Requirements

- **Node.js 20.19.0 or later**

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure License Key

Search for the string `"YOUR_LICENSE_KEY_HERE"` in the sample and replace it with your actual license key.

#### Get a Trial License

You can try **MDS** by requesting a trial license through our [customer portal](https://www.dynamsoft.com/customer/license/trialLicense?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme). The trial can be renewed twice for up to two months of free access.

> [!NOTE] > **MDS** and **MWC** share the same license keys. The license portal currently shows **Mobile Web Capture** but requesting this license will provide access to both **MDS** and **MWC** functionality. If you already have a **MWC** license, you can use it for **MDS**, and vice versa.

#### Get a Full License

To purchase a full license, [contact us](https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/contact?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme).

### 3. Start the App

```bash
npm start
```

Then open https://localhost:3000/ to view the sample app.

## 📌 Customization

Please check the official [documentation](https://www.dynamsoft.com/mobile-document-scanner/docs/web/introduction/index.html).

## 📄 Support

If you have any questions, feel free to [contact Dynamsoft Support](https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/contact?product=mwc&utm_source=github_react_readme).
